
1.Java

Java is a general-purpose computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended to let application developers "write once, run anywhere" (WORA), meaning that code that runs on one platform does not need to be recompiled to run on another. Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode that can run on any Java virtual machine (JVM) regardless of computer architecture.

2.C 

C is one of the first high level programming language. C is powerful, robust, foundation of many popular programming language such as C++, Java etc. C is developed by Dennis Ritchie in At & T labs. It was built on a time when Normal people need to understand what is the computer first before jumping to something called ‘programming‘.

3.C++

C++ is a general purpose object oriented programming language. It is considered to be an intermediate level language, as it encapsulates both high and low level language features. Initially, the language was called 'C with classes’ as it had all properties of C language with an additional concept of 'classes’. However, it was renamed to C++ in 1983.

4.Python

Python is easy to learn, general purpose, high level programming language which supports multiple programming paradigms such as procedural,object oriented. C# is better than Python in: standard library, language features, development process and tools,performance, language evolution speed.

5.PHP

PHP is a scripting language designed to fill the gap between SSI (Server Side Includes) and Perl, intended for the web environment. Its principal application is the implementation of web pages having dynamic content. PHP has gained quite a following in recent times, and it is one of the frontrunners in the Open Source software movement. Its popularity derives from its C-like syntax, and its simplicity.

6.Javascript

JavaScript, aka Mocha, aka LiveScript, aka JScript, aka ECMAScript, is one of the world's most popular programming languages. Virtually every personal computer in the world has at least one JavaScript interpreter installed on it and in active use. JavaScript's popularity is due entirely to its role as the scripting language of the WWW.
